Using Github from bash to get our project online:

** Source Control **
We have one centralized location where the files reside, and can all work on them, like Google Docs, without creating conflicting changes.

Go to Github.com and login
Go to Repositories and  click New
Enter a repository name, 
	Make sure it's public, 
	Check the Add a README file, and
	Click Create Repository.

From the project's main page, 
	Click the green Code button,
	Make sure HTTPS is highlighted, and 
	Copy the link

From Bash, 
	Go to the folder that will house the project.
	Type git clone {and paste the copied link}
		A folder will be created with the project's name.
		Inside that folder will be hidden .git folder and the README.md file.

From Explorer,
	Copy and paste the project files into the project name folder.

From Bash,
	Go into the project folder.
		The index.html, script.js, style.css, and README.md files should be visible when you type ls.
	Type git status
		This will show that we have Untracked files
	Type git add index.html
	Type git add script.js
	Type git add style.css
	Type git status
		This will show the new files that are to be committed.
	Type git commit -m "Put a message here to update other users"
		The -m indicates a message is to follow
		The message is within the ""
	Type git push
		Pushes everything to github.

From github.com
	Refresh the project page
	The 4 files in the project folder have been uploaded

When I start working on the project...
I open the github repository for the project
	Click Code, and copy the project link.

Open Bash,
	Go to the folder in which I want my copy of the files to be located, and
	Type git clone {project link}

In Explorer,
	A copy of the project folder with all the files has been downloaded.

I work on the project.  
At some point I want to save my work.

In Bash,
	Go to my copy of the repository,
	Type git status
		It will display which files have been modified.
	Type git add {all changed files}, 
		If you want to add all files,
			Type git add .
				The period symbolizes all files.
	Then type git commit -m "add message here"
	Type git push

In github,
	Update project page,
	On right side, the files will have been updated recently.
	Above the times, there will be a number of commits
	By clicking on that it takes you to a page that shows all the commits.
	Clicking on the latest one will show all the changes made to the files with this commit.

A problem still exists...
	If I made a change to the file, any other user who may also be making changes to the same file won't know it yet.
	To get those changes, type git pull
		This pulls the an updated copy of the files to you from github, and will update your copy to the new one.
	I will want to do this at the start of every day to make sure I'm working with the most up to date files. 

***** I noticed that in all of this, none of my original files is ever updated, only my copy. Find a way to check into why this is. *****

***** Update:  When I tried to push this text file into the original, it was rejected because the remote (myCopy) had changes that were not updated to the original.  It wants me to pull those changes to the original before pushing my changes. :) *****